alright guys I'm making a video right
now to show you guys in case you don't
know a background that you have what
it's called
um this is how you can know what it's
gone first you go down over here to
whatever you think is gonna cook it go
up until you find an explorer supply or
whatever you laughs open it up let you
have it open you should go right up
there to the top where you can type in a
website
so then the video VW duck Bakugan
dot-com clip enter and then what you do
is you click what language you want
I choose English because I welcome the
USA and so then you just have to wait
for it to load takes kind of a long time
whew
this time it's actually going faster
than I then I saw it through the last
time so yeah you just wait for it to
load I'm gonna show you what happens
let's turn you learn what you need to do
that's you Arnie Battle Brawlers
you destroy a backyard I think there's
some really cool I think I don't have
any yet but I'm gonna get some ready let
you see but that's happened yes like
video features thing will go up these
will circle around you'll end up
starting on this and then what you want
to do is go
I yeah I'm gonna go over to the featured
Bakugan it's like like when it first
goes up it's gonna be right over there
and then just click on it once you've
clicked on it
then you can go to background collection
or card collection so that you can see
which one is Europe I'm gonna click on
background collections right so you guys
know what it is now you just look
through here and see like it's just the
Bakugan and it also shows so the
background and then what it also shows
is what they look like
it says the ducklings name and then it
shows what on the background that you
would get looks like and so yeah this is
us I'm also making this video to prove
to everyone he thinks that my Yaga might
be this one kid said it was a delta
dragonoid 2.0 this video the dosage to
show you guys that it is an actual Naga
see look see that is exactly what my dog
looks like that's exactly what it looks
like see and then you can click in the
back of mine make it appear bigger so
that you know what it looks like so this
is Diablo knew your dragon I'd agree
sure this is one of the new vestroia
ones who ever seen that in the show
that's what it looks like and I think
it's when Drago has both the Infinity
core and the silent core and that's what
he looks like neo Dragonoid in ball form
conjectures you what the bakugan is the
name of it
and that kind of stuff so yeah I don't
know if it shows oh the Bakugan it
didn't look like it but it shows most of
the bakugan so if you want to know most
of the bakugan you can look on here and
you'll be able to find them there's six
pages of background they're pretty cool
yeah I can see that some of those are in
here I like new vestroia ones because
they have like birds don't usually come
out on all them and yeah like you click
on it like I'm just about to flip my
Ultra Dragonoid then it comes up here it
says the name somewhere in the
description of like about it shows the
back of my frog and then the creature
form and so yeah
and that's how you find out how that's
how you find out what works for the
background that you have are so that's
pretty much it for this video and please
comment rate subscribe see this one more
thing they're gonna say alright I will
be I just wonder like gave a shout out
to this morning dude his name is
Dragonoid 101 just go right type it in
and you type it in on YouTube just like
type it in in the search and you'll be
able to find it and yeah just type in
general 101 you'll be able to find him
go save name the videos that he has
don't know any videos yes and then like
please subscribe to him as she like what
he does he does like videos about that
could gone too and I think some other
things I'll say she dies that